Academic Council Regular Meeting
Administrative Council Regular Meeting
Last day of service of the Faculty
Schedule of BU Charter Day
Last day of Mid Year classes
Last day of MidYear classes
Mid year break
midyear break
Enrollment Period for First Semester
Enrollment Period for First Sem
Enrollment Period for 1st Semester
Enrollment Period for 1st Sem
First day of service of Faculty
First Semester
1st sem
First sem
Resume of classes after Semestral Break
Semestral Break
Last day of Enrollment
BU Founding Anniversary
BUGS Day
When is the start of classes for First Semester?
Start of classes First Sem
Start of classes 1st sem
Schedule of Midterm examination for First Semester
Midterm Exam First Semester
Midterm Examination First Sem
Midterm Exam for First sem
Schedule of Midterm examination for 1st Semester
Midterm Exam 1st Semester
Midterm Examination 1st Sem
Midterm Exam for 1st sem
Schedule of Final examination for First Semester
Final Exam First Semester
Final Examination First Sem
Final Exam for First sem
Schedule of Final examination for 1st Semester
Final Exam 1st Semester
Final Examination 1st Sem
Final Exam for 1st sem
Deadline of submission of grades for First Semester
Deadline of submission of grades for 1st Sem
Deadline of submission of grades for First Sem
Enrollment Period for 2nd Semester
Enrollment Period for 2nd Sem
Enrollment Period for Second Semester
When is the start of classes for Second Semester?
start of classes for 2nd Semester
start of classes for 2nd Sem
First day of classes 2nd Sem
First day Second sem
VP for Administration and Finance
Atty. Joseph L. Bartolata
VP for Planning and Development
Prof. Jerry S. Bigornia
VP for Academic Affairs
Dr. Amelia A. Dorosan
VP for Research Development and Extension
Dr. Luis Amano
University & Board Secretary
Atty. Norly P. Reyes
Chief of Administrative Services Division
BUCAF Associate Dean
Dr. Roscefe B. Dy
College of Social Science and Philosophy Associate Dean
Prof. Sipronio B. Belardo
College of Business Economics and Management Associate Dean
Ms. Shiela B. Desuyo
College of Education Associate Dean
Dr. Ma. Teresa M. Abainza
College of Engineering Associate Dean
Engr. Rolando M. Dacillo is the College of Engineering Associate Dean.
College of Industrial Technology Associate Dean
Ms. Arlene A. Balleras
College of Arts and Letters Associate Dean
Prof. Liliosa C. Malasa
College of Science Associate Dean
Prof. Jason A. Lucilo
College of Medicine Associate Dean
Dr. Luis Domingo B. Mendoza
IPESR Associate Director
Prof. Randy T. Austriais
Institute of Architecture Associate Director
Ar. Hazel Ann L. Meneses
BUPC Associate Dean
Ms. Maria Mercedes A. Remon
Jesse M. Robredo Institute of Governance and Development Associate Director
Dr. Rosemarie T. Frias
Chief Presidential Management Staff
Dr. Reina O. Habalo
Legal Officer of the Legal Affairs Office
Atty. Daryl A. Redoblado
Chief of Internal Audit Services
Mr. Cyrus A. Barrameda
Director of International Relations Office
Dr. Dimson M. Rivero
Director of ICTO
Dr. Aris J. Ordoñez.
Director of Communication and Public Relations Office
Dr. Renelyn E. Bautista
Director of Alumni Relations Office
Dr. Charina J. Cipcon
Vice President for Administration and Finance
Atty. Joseph L. Bartolata
Chief Administrative Officer of the Administrative Services
Atty. Norly P. Reyes
Supervising Administrative Officer of Human Resource Management and Development Office
Dr. Jennifer T. Barrameda
Director of Procurement Management Office
Dr. Ma. Julieta B. Borres
Head of Supply and Property Management Office
Mr. Benjamin Payonga
Head of the Security Services Office
Mr. Rolly Gonzales
Head of General Services Office
Mr. Jessel Opeña
Chief Administrative Officer of the Financial Management Division
Atty. Loyd P. Casasis
Budget Officer of the Office of the Vice President for Administration and Finance
Ms. Crisanta A. Botin
Chief Accountant of the Office of the Vice President for Administration and Finance
Mr. Joseph S. Lopera
University Cashier
Ms. Cheryl Del Prado
Coordinator of University Sports Development Program
Lyndon Bailon
Director of Internal Quality Assurance Office and Regional Zonal Computerization Center
Dr. Leonila B. Barbacena
Dean of the University Admissions Office
Hennie Lomibao
Registrar of the University Registrar's Office
Dr. Lany L. Maceda
Dean of the Office of Student Affairs and Services
Dr. Baby Boy Benjamin D. Nebres III
University Librarian
Ms. Glenda Aurora S. Julianda
Head of the University Health Services
Dr. Leo N. Nuyles
Director of Language Center
Dr. Irene R. Moral
NSTP Director
Prof. Gerardo O. Ocfemia
Director of Research, Development and Management Division
Prof. Ronnel R. Dioneda Sr.
Officer-In-Charge for the Extension Management Division
Prof. Rowena F. Zoilo
Director of Publication and Knowledge Management Division
PDr. Benedicto B. Balilo Jr.
Director of Intellectual Property Management Division
Dr. Nicanor B. Balbin
Director of BU Regional Center for Food Safety and Quality Assurance
Prof. Maria Crispina P. Baltazar
Director of BU Center for  Technology Commercialization and Enterprise Development
Dr. Arnulfo P. Malinis
Director of BU Center for Teaching Excellence
Dr. Rebecca Rosario O. Bercasio
Director of BU Center for Gender  and Development
Dr. Noel Rafer
Director of Director of BU Regional Center for Science and Mathematics Education
Dr. Maria Eden Ante
Director of Director of BU Center for Policy Studies and Development
Prof. Erwin E. Torres
Director of Director of BU Regional Food Innovation and Commercialization Center
Prof. Ma. Janesa A. Reyes
Director of Planning and Development Office
Prof. Alwin Joseph M. Maceres
Director of Physical Development and Maintenance Office
Engr. Ulysses R. Bello
Director of Special Project Preparation Office
Prof. Carlos V. Cortez Jr.
Director of Resource Generation and Physical Assets Management Office
Engr. Ana R. Abante
Director of Business Affairs Office
Dr. Viola L. Amano
How can I contact the president of Bicol University
Contact Details president of BU President
email of BU president
VP for Administration and Finance
bu vpa
vpa
Atty. Joseph L. Bartolata
Joseph L. Bartolata
VP for Academic Affairs
bu vpaa
vpaa
Dr. Amelia A. Dorosan
Amelia A. Dorosan
VP for Planning and Development
bu vprgam
Prof. Jerry S. Bigornia
Jerry S. Bigornia
VP for Research Development and Extension
Dr. Luis Amano
Luis Amano
Acting University & Board Secretary
Atty. Norly P.Reyes
Norly Reyes
Chief, Administrative Services Division
How can I contact the VP for Administration and Finance
Contact Details of VP for Administration and Finance
Contact details of Atty. Joseph L. Bartolata
email of VP of Administration and Finance
email of Atty. Joseph L. Bartolata
How can I contact the VP for Academic Affairs
Contact Details VP for Academic Affairs
Contact details of Dr. Amelia A. Dorosan
email of VP for Academic Affairs
email of Dr. Amelia A. Dorosan
How can I contact the VP for Planning and Development
Contact Details VP for Planning and Development
Contact details of Prof. Jerry S. Bigornia
email of VP for Planning and Development
email of Prof. Jerry S. Bigornia
How can I contact the VP for Research Development and Extension
Contact Details VP for Research Development and Extension
Contact details of Dr. Luis Amano 
email of VP for Research Development and Extension
email of Dr. Luis Amano 
How can I contact the Acting University & Board Secretary
Contact Details Acting University & Board Secretary
Contact details of Atty. Norly P. Reyes
email of Acting University & Board Secretary
email of Atty. Norly P. Reyes
How can I contact the Chief, Administrative Services Division
Contact Details Chief, Administrative Services Division
Contact details Atty. Norly P. Reyes
email of Chief, Administrative Services Division
email of Atty. Norly P. Reyes
Arnulfo M. Mascariñas
Prof. Jocelyn E. Serrano
Dr. Leticia M. Lopez
Dr. Jean Annette S. Ibo
Prof. Carina L. Sales
Dr. Noemi L. Ibo
Dr. Lorna M. Miña
Dr. Herbert B. Rosana
Dr. Ramesis M. Lorino
Dr. Ruben Caragay
Atty. Hardy B. Aquende
Dr. Eddie S. See 
Atty. Alex B. Nepomuceno
Ar. Leo A. Del Rosario
Engr. Amelia A. Gonzales
Dr. Jonathan Arroco
Prof. Domingo Ll. Nace
Dr. Maria Giselle N. Mortega
Prof. Mary Joy B. Catangui 
Dr. Rosemarie R. Jadie
Ms. Veronica O. Gomez.
Ms. Ada O. Camba.
Ms. Catherine D. Lagata.
Mr. Salvador M. Abiño.
Ms. Jane B. Siapno.
Ms. Ruby L. Rivero.
Ms. Teresita P. Baloloy.
Ms. Ana B. Del Ayre.
Mr. Antonio R. Lleva.
Ms. Sharlene A. Mendizabal.
Ms. Sheila Marie Magalona.
Ms. Ruby L. Rivero.
Ms. Lily Lolo.
Ms. Wilhelmina B. Henson.
Ms. Maria Rechel M. Marcaida.
Where to get a copy of the scholarship form?
What are the existing student organizations in BU?
Uniform for Bicol University
Schedule of Midterm examination for Second Semester
Midterm Exam Second Semester
Midterm Examination Second Sem
Midterm Exam for second sem
Schedule of Midterm examination for 2nd Semester
Midterm Exam 2nd Semester
Midterm Examination 2nd Sem
Midterm Exam for 2nd sem
Schedule of Final examination for Second Semester
Final Exam Second Semester
Final Examination Second Sem
Final Exam for second sem
Schedule of Final examination for 2nd Semester
Final Exam 2nd Semester
Final Examination 2nd Sem
Final Exam for 2nd sem
Last day of classes for 2021-2022
Deadline of submission of grades for 2nd Semester
Deadline of submission of grades for Second Semester
Date of Enrollment for Midyear Classes
Enrollment mid year classes
Start of Mid year classes
date of mid year classes
Schedule of Midterm examination for mid year classes
When is the graduation?
Date of graduation
Schedule of Final examination for mid year classes
Final examination for mid year classes
Enrollment Period for 2022-2023
Enrollment
enrolment
When is the start of classes for 2022-2023?
first day of classes for next academic year
first day of classes for next year
first day of classes next AY
Schedule of admission?
date of Admission
Who is the President of Bicol University?
Who is the dean of college of science?
How can I contact the dean of the college of science?
Who is the dean of college of arts and letters?
How can I contact the dean of the college of arts and letters?
Who is the dean of college of nursing?
How can I contact the dean of the college of nursing?
Who is the director of Institute of Physical Education Sports and Recreation?
How can I contact the dean of the Institute of Physical Education Sports and Recreation?
Who is the director of Jesse M. Robredo Institute Of Governance And Development?
How can I contact the dean of the Jesse M. Robredo Institute Of Governance And Development?
Who is the dean of College of Education?
How can I contact the dean of the College of Education?
Who is the dean of Graduate School?
How can I contact the dean of the Graduate School?
Who is the dean of Open University?
How can I contact the dean of the Open University?
Who is the dean of College of Medicine?
How can I contact the dean of the College of Medicine?
Who is the dean of College of Law?
How can I contact the dean of the College of Law?
Who is the dean of College Of Business Economics and Management?
How can I contact the dean of the College Of Business Economics and Management?
Who is the dean of College of Social Science and Philosophy?
How can I contact the dean of the College of Social Science and Philosophy?
Who is the director of Institute of Architecture?
How can I contact the director of the Institute of Architecture?
Who is the dean of College of Engineering?
How can I contact the dean of the College of Engineering?
Who is the dean of College of Industrial Technology?
How can I contact the dean of the College of Industrial Technology?
Who is the dean of the College of Agriculture and Forestry?
How can I contact the dean of the College of Agriculture and Forestry?
Who is the dean of the Bicol University Tabaco Campus?
How can I contact the dean of the Bicol University Tabaco Campus?
Who is the dean of the Bicol University Polangui Campus?
How can I contact the dean of the Bicol University Polangui Campus?
Who is the director of the Bicol University Gubat Campus?
How can I contact the director of the Bicol University Gubat Campus?
Who is the registrar of Graduate School?
How can I contact the registrar of Graduate School?
Who is the registrar of College of Agriculture and Forestry?
How can I contact the registrar of College of College of Agriculture and Forestry?
Who is the registrar of College of Social Science and Philosophy?
How can I contact the registrar of College of Social Science and Philosophy?
Who is the registrar of College of Business Economics and Management?
How can I contact the registrar of College of Business Economics and Management?
Who is the registrar of College of Education?
How can I contact the registrar of College of Education?
Who is the registrar of College of Engineering?
How can I contact the registrar of College of Engineering?
Who is the registrar of College of Nursing?
How can I contact the registrar of College of Nursing?
Who is the registrar of College of Industrial Technology?
How can I contact the registrar of College of Industrial Technology?
Who is the registrar of College of Arts and Letters?
How can I contact the registrar of College of Arts and Letters?
Who is the registrar of College of Science?
How can I contact the registrar of College of Science?
Who is the registrar of College of Medicine?
How can I contact the registrar of College of Medicine?
Who is the registrar of College of Law?
How can I contact the registrar of College of Law?
Who is the registrar of College of Institute of Physical Education Sports and Recreation?
How can I contact the registrar of College of Institute of Physical Education Sports and Recreation?
Who is the registrar of Institute of Architecture?
How can I contact the registrar of Institute of Architecture?
Who is the registrar of Polangui Campus?
How can I contact the registrar of Polangui Campus?
Who is the registrar of Tabaco Campus?
How can I contact the registrar of Tabaco Campus?
Who is the registrar of Gubat Campus?
Courses offered in Bicol University
Hello
Hi
Is anyone there?
Good day
Good Evening
Good Afternoon
Good Morning
Good Morning
How are you
Kamusta
How are you feeling Bubot?
Good bye
Bye
Good Night
Bye
See you later
Goodbye
Nice chatting to you, bye
Till next time
Thanks
Thank you
That is helpful
Awesome, thanks
Thanks for helping me
How you could help me?
What you can do?
What help you provide?
How you can be helpful?
What support is offered
Who are you?
Who created you?
Who made you?
What is the Vision of Bicol University?
What is the Mission of Bicol University?
What is the Quality Policy of Bicol University?
What are the goals of Bicol University
How can I contact the registrar of Gubat Campus
Can I enroll to undergraduate programs in BU?
BUCET
When is the schedule for BUCET?
What are the requirements for BUCESS
What are the documents needed for admission?
Requirements for enrollment
Where to send my admission requirements?
Where are the drop off points for admission requirements?
How to set an appointment at the university registrar's office?
Contact information of the University Registrar's Office
BUCESS
How can I qualify for freshmen admission?
Can I take the BUCET?
What is the cut-off rating for BUCET?
How can I transfer to Bicol University?
What are the requirements for admission of transferees?
Is there a processing fee for transfering to Bicol University?
Do I need to undergo interviews as transfer applicant?
How can I be eligible for transfer admission to Bicol University?
Will the university recognize my units earned from my previous college if I transfer?
What is the limit of transfer credits in Bicol University?
Can I be admitted to Bicol University if I am a graduate of Technical-Vocational course?
How can I shift from one course program to another?
What are the requirements in shifting to another course?
Is there a fee for shifting a course program?
How can I be readmitted to Bicol University after I stopped schooling?
How to be re-admitted upon returning from leave of absence?
What are the requirements for returning old students?
What are the requirements for admission of undergraduate foreign students?
What are the requirements for admission of students from other nations who have graduated from high schools abroad?
How can I register for admission?
Can I enroll after the scheduled registration?
How long can I stay in Bicol University?
Maximum Residency Rule
What are the types of exams?
What is the grading system?
What is an outstanding rating?
What is a superior rating?
What is a very satisfactory rating?
What is a satisfactory rating?
What is a fair or average rating?
What is a poor rating?
What is the lowest possible grade or rating?
How many times can I retake a subject?
What is the maintaining grade in Graduate School?
What will happen if I did not achieve a passing grade?
What is the grade of incomplete?
Can INC grade be removed?
How long can I remove my INC grade?
What will happen if I cannot complete an INC grade?
I can't contact my professor that gave me an INC grade
What are the graduation requirements?
What qualifies as summa cum laude?
What qualifies as magna cum laude?
What qualifies as cum laude?
I have met the required GWA for latin honors but I failed to meet the other requirements
What are the qualifications for Academic Distinction?
I am a transferee, can I be awarded with academic distinction?
Non-Academic Awards and Incentives for graduating students
What are the awards and recognition during college recognition?
How to get my transcript of records and diploma?
What are the procedures for cost recovery?
How much is the cost for Cost Recovery Subjects?
How many hours is one credit load or unit?
What is the Academic load limit per semester
Am I allowed to carry an additional load?
What are the Classification of Students
What are regular students?
What are irregular students?
What are non-regular students?
Who are considered as non-regular students?
Who are considered as foreign students?
Who are considered as pre-senior students?
How many libraries does BU have?
Number of Libraries of BU
Who can use the libraries of the university?
How to apply for a library card?
What is the purpose of my Library Card?
What is the validity of my Library Card?
How can I borrow a book from the Library?
Can I borrow a book or other materials for someone else in the Library?
Can I borrow other materials than books?
Can I borrow dissertations?
Can I borrow journals?
Can I borrow a thesis?
Can I borrow feasibility studies?
Can I borrow manuscripts?
Can I photocopy dissertations?
Can I photocopy journals?
Can I photocopy a thesis?
Can I photocopy feasibility studies?
Can I photocopy manuscripts?
How many days am I allowed to keep the book I borrowed?
Can I borrow more than one book?
Can I borrow a book for a week?
What are the university library hours?
Is the university library open on weekends?
What are the tabaco campus library hours?
What time does the tabaco campus Library opens and closes?
What is the east campus library hours?
What time does the east campus Library opens and closes?
What are the college of nursing library hours?
What time does the College of nursing Library opens and closes?
What are the ILS-Children's Library hours?
What time does the  ILS-Children's Library opens and closes?
What are the ILS - High School Library hours ?
What time does the BUGC Library opens and closes?
What are the college of education or CE library hours?
What time does the College of education Library opens and closes?
What are the daraga campus library hours?
What time does the Daraga campus Library opens and closes?
What are the BUCAF library hours?
What time does the BUCAF Library opens and closes?
What are the BUPC library hours?
What time does the BUPC Library opens and closes?
What are the Gubat campus or BUGC library hours?
What time does the BUGC Library opens and closes?
Are outsiders allowed to enter the university library?
What are the requirements for outsiders in entering the university library?
How much is the library fee for outsiders or external researchers?
Bicol University Library website
What medical services does the BU Medical Clinic offers?
What dental services does the BU Dental Clinic offers?
How can I avail the medical and dental services from BU Medical and Dental Clinic?
What are the university Medical and Dental Clinic hours?
Where is the BU Medical & Dental Services (Main Clinic) is located
Is there a random drug testing in Bicol University?
Can the students use the Sports and Recreational Facilities of the university?
What are the sanctions or penalties for violating the university rules and regulation?
 Is Bicol University smoke free?
Are students required to attend university academic activities?
Are students excused from classes if they participate in co-curricular activities?
Are students allowed to participate in activities outside the university?
Can I wear my PE uniform in attending my classes?
What are the inappropriate attires not allowed to wear on wash day?
I lost my ID
What are the sanctions or penalties for bullying?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Carrying of firearms and other Dangerous Weapons?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Creating Disorder or Disturbance within the University?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Destruction of Any Property of the University, Its Guests, Employees or Students?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Drinking of Alcoholic Beverages or Manifesting Drunken Behavior within the university premises?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Falsification of Official Document?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Gambling?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Hazing of any variety inside or outside the premises of the Bicol University by any fraternity or sorority or individual or a group representing an accredited B.U. Organization?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Malversation or Unlawful Disbursement of school funds?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Plagiarism?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Possession of prohibited drugs or chemicals?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Photo or Video Voyeurism?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Sexual Harassment?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Stalking?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Theft of property belonging to the University community or a guest of the University?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Unauthorized solicitation of contribution/ donation using the name of the University?
How to contact the BU ICTO?
Contact Number of BU ICTO
Email Address of BU Information and Communications Technology Office
I have a problem with my BU email
I have a problem with my ORS
What are the sanctions or penalties for Discourtesy to Superior?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Disgraceful and immoral conduct?
What are the levels of Dishonesty?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Serious Dishonesty?
What are the sanctions or penalties for Less Serious Dishonesty
What are the sanctions or penalties for Simple Dishonesty
What are the scholarship opportunities for students?
Available Scholarships
Core values of Bicol University
What is board of regents?
Are students represented in the board of regents?
Representations of students in board of regents
Are students allowed to do a cross registration within the university?
What to write in permission letter for cross registration?
Are students outside bicol university allowed to do a cross registration?
What to write in cross registration permission letter for students outside bicol university?
Are bicol university students allowed to do a cross registration outside the university?
Are students allowed to change their subjects?
Are students allowed to add subjects to their academic load?
How to shift courses?
How to file a leave of absence?
File a LOA
I failed in one subject
I failed two of my subjects
I'm on probation and failed another subject
I failed three subjects
Is there a tuition fee in Bicol University?
Are there cultural groups in the university?
TES or Tertiary Education Subsidy
Components of NSTP
How to enlist in NSTP?
What is CWTS?
What is LTS?
What is ROTC?
Are students required to enroll in NSTP?
Are face to face classes allowed?
Conduct of face to face
Start of f2f Classes
Bicol University Uniform recommended textile and color
BU uniform color
Bicol University Mascot
University and College Student Publications
official student publication of the University
University Student Council
USC
roles of University student council or USC
curricular activities in Bicol University
What are Field Trips
What are educational tours
 what is field study
what is Experiential Learning
what is RLE or Related Learning Experience
what are non-curricular activities
Bubot
are you an AI or artificial intelligence
Fraternity
Sorority
Academic Student Organizations
Political students organizations or groups
Socio-Civic student groups
Lifestyle student organizations
Environmental students organizations
Spiritual or Religious student organizations
student organizations violating policies, rules and regulations of the University
Amphitheater and Audio-Visual Center and Language Laboratory
how to be enlisted or enrolled in nstp
what are the financial aids in Bicol University
student assistantships
student assistants
how to apply for student assistantship
how to be an student assistant
working hours of student assistants
how many hours should an student assistants render monthly
general weighted average of president's lister
general weighted average of dean's lister
how to apply for scholarships
My rating is 1.0
My rating is 1.1
My rating is 1.2
My rating is 1.3
My rating is 1.4
Equivalence of 1.0 rating.
Equivalence of 1.1 rating.
Equivalence of 1.2 rating.
Equivalence of 1.3 rating.
Equivalence of 1.4 rating.
My rating is 1.5
My rating is 1.6
My rating is 1.7
Equivalence of 1.5 rating.
Equivalence of 1.6 rating.
Equivalence of 1.7 rating.
My rating is 1.8
My rating is 1.9
My rating is 2.0
My rating is 2.1
My rating is 2.2
My rating is 2.3
My rating is 2.4
My rating is 2.5
Equivalence of 1.8 rating.
Equivalence of 1.9 rating.
Equivalence of 2.0 rating.
Equivalence of 2.1 rating.
Equivalence of 2.2 rating.
Equivalence of 2.3 rating.
Equivalence of 2.4 rating.
Equivalence of 2.5 rating.
My rating is 2.6
My rating is 2.7
My rating is 2.8
Equivalence of 2.6 rating.
Equivalence of 2.7 rating.
Equivalence of 2.8 rating.
My rating is 2.9
My rating is 3.0
Equivalence of 2.9 rating.
Equivalence of 3.0 rating.
Equivalence of 4.0 rating.
Can I borrow encyclopedias
Can I borrow dictionaries
Can I borrow indexes
Can I borrow yearbooks
Can I borrow handbooks
Can I borrow atlases
Can I borrow newspapers
Can I borrow magazines
Is the Tabaco Campus Library open on Saturday?
Is the East Campus Library open on Saturday?
Is the College of Nursing Library open on Saturday?
Is the ILS-Children's Library open on Saturday?
Is the ILS - High School Library open on Saturday?
Is the College of Education Library open on Saturday?
Is the Daraga Campus Library open on Saturday?
Is the BUCAF Library open on Saturday?
Is the BUPC Library open on Saturday?
Is the BUGC Library open on Saturday?
Is the university Medical and Dental Clinic open on Saturday?